Renaming `pyraft` -> `raft-dask` (#801)
rapidsai/raft: python/raft-dask/CMakeLists.txt

  # pull in the required languages for the C++ project even if this project
  # does not require those languges.
  include(rapids-cuda)
  rapids_cuda_init_architectures(raft-dask)
  enable_language(CUDA)

>   # Since pyraft only enables CUDA optionally we need to manually include the file that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Since raft-dask only enables CUDA optionally we need to manually include the file that
```

  # rapids_cuda_init_architectures relies on `project` including.
  include("${CMAKE_PROJECT_raft_dask_INCLUDE}")

>   # pyraft doesn't actually use raft libraries, it just needs the headers, so

Reviewer: pyraft->raft-dask
